### Ever found a story so good that you immediately become a fan? But, Alas! the story is just a few minutes long. Fret not, for we have a novel idea to generate the prequels and sequels you deserve.



## Inspiration

Novels and stories bring joy to all people, be it a 7-year-old child or a 70-year-old person. Some stories have a very special place in our hearts: the stories that we heard from our grandparents. Some stories we find on the internet and immediately fall in love with. Sometimes we want to hear more stories like these, but we can't, maybe because we have lost the source or there simply aren't any. These stories that bring us joy and the feeling of wanting more inspired us to create "A Novel Idea (Anode)". 

## What it does

Anode has two sections.

**1. Generate a Sequel/Prequel**
       In this section, you can enter a link to a youtube video with a story or type a story and generate a prequel or sequel of the story.

**2. Generate a Novel**
       In this section, you can enter a title for a novel and Anode will generate the whole book.

The end result of both sections is a novel book with a cover page and pictures for each chapter. Happy Reading!

## How we built it

**Workflow of Anode**
The transcription of the video is generated by using AssemblyAI's transcription API. Then, ChatGPT is used to generate a title and chapter titles for the prequel/sequel for the story in transcription. A cover page is generated from stablility.ai's API for stable diffusion. Then, a story and an image are generated for each chapter title. All the outputs are assembled into a pdf which the user can download. The interface is implemented in streamlit.

[Workflow image link](https://www.canva.com/design/DAFUdSeYTdE/y0_7gpyrGCDdJ6kKkU2y5g/view?utm_content=DAFUdSeYTdE&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link&utm_source=publishsharelink)

## Challenges we ran into

Getting ChatGPT to generate texts in a consistent framework for chapter titles, and content was challenging. We managed it by playing with prompts and adding several conditions.

## Accomplishments that we're proud of
Being students of computer science, we have always been excited to get our hands on state-of-the-art technologies. Getting to use such advanced models is really amusing. This hackathon guided us to use these models for more than just amusement. We have successfully built a complete project standing on the shoulder of giant APIs, of which, we are really proud.

## What we learned
Working with API, designing a workflow for apps, building apps with streamlit, designing prompts, and teamwork there's a lot we learned during the hackathon. 

## What's next for A Novel Idea
Currently, Anode generates everything based on the title. In the future, we will add a feature that will allow users to guide Anode to write stories by providing guidelines as input for the chapter they want. This feature can also be used by novel writers to refine their stories.
